GracefulNodeShutdownBasedOnPodPriority is Beta in 1.24 (#32831)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes.md

If this feature is enabled and no configuration is provided, then no ordering
action will be taken.

Using this feature requires enabling the `GracefulNodeShutdownBasedOnPodPriority`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
, and setting `ShutdownGracePeriodByPodPriority` in the
[kubelet config](/docs/reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1beta1/)
to the desired configuration containing the pod priority class values and
their respective shutdown periods.

{{< note >}}

> The `GracefulNodeShutdownBasedOnPodPriority` was introduced as Alpha API in 1.24.
> In v1.24, the feature has been promoted to Beta stage and enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ability to take Pod priority into account during graceful node shutdown was introduced
as an alpha feature in Kubernetes v1.23; in Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}}
that feature is beta and is enabled by default.
```

If this feature is enabled and no configuration is provided, then no ordering
action will be taken.

Using this feature requires enabling the `GracefulNodeShutdownBasedOnPodPriority`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)

> , and setting `ShutdownGracePeriodByPodPriority` in the

Reviewer: nit: the comma should follow the hyperlink with no preceding whitespace
